oracles can be queried via cmdline (#26)
SyGuS-Org/docs: language/sygus.tex

In the following, we formalize the interface between the
synthesis solver and an external binary, which we call an \emph{oracle}.
An oracle can be queried either via command line (default) 
or using text files with the extension

> \textit{.oracle}. If the oracle should be queried via text files, it is declared with the attribute $\texttt{:file}$.

Reviewer: Actually, revisiting this, do we really need to have any requirement on the extension here?  Or maybe we could say `.oracle` is a recommended extension but not requirement?

Reviewer 2: I'd also favor dropping this requirement. IMO, the file contains a "query" for the oracle, so the `.oracle` extension seems a bit odd.

May be also set the recommended extension to `.query` (or `.qry` to be compatible with old Windows 8.3 VFAT filename requirements).

Author: ok, i've changed the references to text files to .query as extension, and removed the requirement that says they have to have that extension. i.e., it can be any text file, but we happen to have named ours .query

Reviewer 2: Sounds good to me; thanks!

} of sorts $\sigma_1, \ldots, \sigma_n$
written using the syntax for values described in this document.
Let ${\tt oracle}$ be the name of the binary corresponding to the oracle.
When an oracle that is queried by command line is executed with the command

> ${\tt oracle \,\, \paren{v_1 \ldots v_n}}$,

Reviewer: I think we should drop the parenthesis when calling on the command line, what do you think?

Also, I think this definition needs to be split properly into two parts "implements an interface via command line" and "implements an interface via files".

Author: ok i've split this. It's a bit repetitiveve

\end{lstlisting}
declares a weight keyword $\texttt{numOps}$ whose default weight value is $1$.

\subsection{Oracle communication}
\label{sec:attr-oracles}
\begin{enumerate}

> \item The attribute $\texttt{:file}$

Reviewer: For completeness, can we also add `:command-line` here?  Even though its the default, it would be nice to give syntax for this.

Author: added

> specifies that an oracle should be queried via text files, as described in Section~\ref{sec:oracleimplementations}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
specifies that an oracle should be queried via text files, as described in \cref{sec:oracleimplementations}
```
